# BrRun - Your cross-platform Brainfuck Interpreter

It's obvious just how useful brainfuck is. Hundreds of platforms and organizations use it in their backend development and it's become normal for aprogrammer looking for a job to include their brainfuck experience in their portfolio. Brainfuck is truly the language that powers our daily technology, and its successor brainfuck++ (the definition of which is detailed in a paper presented at ACH's SIGBOVIK 2022, the proceedings of which can be found [here](https://sigbovik.org/2022/proceedings.pdf)) is the backbone of the modern internet.

However, one common issue is that there exists no single mainstream compiler or interpreter for brainfuck and its ++ variant. Many independant individuals have developed their own interpreters to fit their needs, but very little consensus has been formed around which specific interpreter or compiler to use. This is where BrRun enteres the ring. The goal of BrRun is to generalize and standardize the use of brainfuck and brainfuck++ across all platforms. The interpreter is currently written in C#, with future plans to rewrite the interpreter in brainfuck itself<sup>[citation needed]</sup>. The interpreter is incredibly easy to use, with built-in future-proofed debugging technology. In the command line, simply invoke the bfrun.exe file, supply the brainfuck or brainfuck++ file to execute as the first argument, and include the `--step` flag if you intend to utilize the state-of-the-art debugging tools.

BfRun is the diamond in the rough, the one interpreter to rule all brainfuck development environments. This elegant software will tear down mega-corporations and truly improve the world for the individual. Be the first to acknowledge and accept this change by starring this repository. Please donate to the cause at <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ" style="color: #F55142;">URL Damaged or Missing</a>. Accept with open arms this new world order or risk becoming obsolete. Download the interpreter. Download the interpreter.
